Add docs for enabled reads on main (#1271)
memgraph/documentation: pages/clustering/high-availability.mdx

won't be routed to the old main but rather to the new main instance on which failover got performed.
This protocol works in a way that the client
first sends a ROUTE bolt message to any coordinator instance. The coordinator replies to the message by returning the routing table with three entries specifying

> from which instance can the data be read, to which instance data can be written to and which instances behave as routers. In the Memgraph HA cluster, the MAIN
> data instance is the only writeable instance, REPLICAs are readable instances, and COORDINATORs behave as routers. However, the cluster can be configured in such a way so
> that MAIN can also be used for reading. Check this [paragraph](#setting-config-for-highly-available-cluster) for more info. 
> Bolt+routing is the client-side routing protocol which means that the resolution of network endpoints happens inside drivers. 
> For more details about the Bolt messages involved in the communication, check [the following link](https://neo4j.com/docs/bolt/current/bolt/message/#messages-route).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from which instance can the data be read, to which instance data can be written to and which instances behave as routers. In the Memgraph HA cluster, the MAIN
data instance is the only writeable instance, REPLICAs are readable instances, and COORDINATORs behave as routers. However, the cluster can be configured in such a way 
that MAIN can also be used for reading. Check this [paragraph](#setting-config-for-highly-available-cluster) for more info. 
Bolt+routing is the client-side routing protocol, meaning network endpoint resolution happens inside drivers. 
For more details about the Bolt messages involved in the communication, check [the following link](https://neo4j.com/docs/bolt/current/bolt/message/#messages-route).
```

4. Data instance will start the replication server on `replication_server`.

```plaintext
REGISTER INSTANCE instanceName ( AS ASYNC ) WITH CONFIG {"bolt_server": boltServer, "management_server": managementServer, "replication_server": replicationServer};
```

This operation will result in writing to the Raft log.

In case the MAIN instance already exists in the cluster, a replica instance will be automatically connected to the MAIN. You can specify whether the replica should behave

> synchronously or asynchronously by using `AS ASYNC` construct after instanceName.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
synchronously or asynchronously by using `AS ASYNC` construct after `instanceName`.
```

Reviewer: Or just write: instance name.

check the status of the replication instance to update its status. Flag `--instance-down-timeout-sec` gives the user the ability to control how much time should
pass before the coordinator starts considering the instance to be down. 

There is also a configuration option for specifying whether reads from the main are enabled. The configuration value is by default false but can be changed in run-time 
using the following query:

```
SET COORDINATOR SETTING 'enabled_reads_on_main' TO 'true'/'false' ;
```

All run-time configuration options can be retrieved using:

```
SHOW COORDINATOR SETTINGS ;
```

> 

Reviewer: I would consider introducting a subsection for run-time flags here. 

I would name the parent paragraph from `Setting config for highly-available cluster` to -> `Configuring highly-available cluster `

Then that section would have a runtime subsection and a startup configuration.
